application: serial_lte_modem: Doc update for data mode (#9651)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_data_mode.rst

Sending data in data mode
=========================

> Any arbitrary data received from MCU is sent to LTE network as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any arbitrary data received from the MCU is sent to LTE network *as-is*.
```

.. note::

>    If the data contains char ',' or char '"', it can only be sent in data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the data contains either  ``,`` or ``"`` as characters, it can only be sent in data mode.
```

   A typical use case is to send JSON messages.

If the current sending function succeeds and :ref:`CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_URC <CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_URC>` is defined, the SLM application reports back the total size as ``#XDATAMODE: <size>``.

> The ``<size>`` value is a positive integer. This URC can also be used to impose flow control on uplink sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<size>`` value is a positive integer.
This URC can also be used to impose flow control on uplink sending.
```

Exiting data mode
=================

To exit data mode, the MCU sends the termination command set by the :ref:`CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR <CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR>` configuration option over UART.

> The pattern string could be sent alone or as an affix to the data. The pattern string must be sent in full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pattern string could be sent alone or as an affix to the data.
The pattern string must be sent in full.
```

Sending data in data mode
=========================

Any arbitrary data received from the MCU is sent to LTE network *as-is*.

If the current sending function succeeds and :ref:`CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_URC <CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_URC>` is defined, the SLM application reports back the total size as ``#XDATAMODE: <size>``.
The ``<size>`` value is a positive integer.

> This URC can also be used to impose flow control on uplink sending.

Reviewer 2: What is URC? A quick google seems to get stuck on a rugby team.

Author: Unsolicited Result Code, a term used since old-time Hayes modem
https://embeddedfreak.wordpress.com/2008/08/19/handling-urc-unsolicited-result-code-in-hayes-at-command/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Unsolicited Result Code (URC) can also be used to impose flow control on uplink sending.
```

Author: URC is a common terminology that could be used elsewhere, too. If we really need to give the full name, we should describe it in the description doc. Quote a competitor's AT manual:

``1.7. Unsolicited Result Code
As an Unsolicited Result Code and a report message, URC is not issued as part of the response related
to an executed AT command. URC is issued by BG95/BG77/BG600L-M3 without being requested by the
TE and it is issued automatically when a certain event occurs. Typical events leading to URCs are
incoming calls (RING), received short messages, high/low voltage alarm, high/low temperature alarm, etc.``

Author: I'll update accordingly.

After exiting data mode, the SLM application returns to the AT command mode.

.. note::

>    Some terminal software like LTE Link Monitor always appends AT command terminator, e.g. <CR><LF>, to uplink data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Some terminal software, like the LTE Link Monitor, always appends an AT command terminator (for example, ``<CR><LF>``) to uplink data.
```
